[RUMBLING]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
BILLY CARSON: Welcome
to "Disclosure"
with Dr. Steven Greer.
In this episode, we discuss
unacknowledged Special Access
Programs.
Dr. Greer, welcome.
STEVEN GREER: Glad to be here.
Thank you.
BILLY: Dr. Greer, what are
unacknowledged Special Access
Programs?
GREER: Yeah, this is
confusing to a lot of people,
including some of
the senior folks
in the government I've briefed.
Special Access Projects
are ones that you just
have to be clear to.
You can have a confidential
secret or top secret clearance,
but that isn't what matters.
It's what you're clear to
for a Special Access Project.
The unacknowledged ones are
what the pop culture call black.
They're off the books.
They're off the record.
And they're hermetically
sealed from anyone not in them.
So to give you an example,
one of my military advisors
had been in an unacknowledged
Special Access Project.
Let's call it USAP for
short, so we don't have
to keep saying the whole term.
BILLY: Yeah.
GREER: And the way
that worked, it
was a $2 or $3 billion project.
It was off books, black money.
There was an admiral
who headed it up.
And the instructions were he was
taken into an underground SCIF,
Secure Communication
Information Facility,
and everyone had all their
weapons and electronics taken.
They went underground.
A security officer
was the only one
with a gun, pulled out the
clip, pulled out a button and--
a bullet and said, this
bullet has your name on it
if you tell anyone, including
your CO, about this project.
It doesn't exist except for
the people in this room.
That's how those run.
So that is how they are
structured and maintain
very, very strict secrecy.
Now, it's beyond just a
normal top secret program.
The unacknowledged
Special Access Projects,
which I learned about
in the early '90s,
are really how you structure
both corporate and government
programs dealing with
a number of issues.
But the biggest one, the
crown jewel of all the USAPs,
are extraterrestrial
intelligence, UFOs,
the technologies
associated with them,
the energy systems,
propulsion systems.
BILLY: Wow.
Would this be
similar to like when
you hear these great numbers,
like $4 trillion missing,
$10 trillion missing
from the budget?
I remember Donald
Rumsfeld having
to answer to this one time.
GREER: The reality
of it is we're
estimating now it's anywhere
from $8 to $20 trillion
that have gone into
those operations
over many, many decades.
And a lot of it is, of course,
from very creative sources
of funding.
We can get into that.
But the structure of
it's what's important.
Most people don't understand
the architecture of secrecy.
For example, I
briefed an admiral
once who knew about USAPs.
But the USAPs dealing
with the UFO and ET
issue, he was denied access to.
And when I gave him a document
that had the project code names
and numbers on them,
he looked into it,
and was basically told he
didn't have a need to know.
And this guy was the
head of intelligence
for the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
We'll get to this later.
So I think that--
there's sort of the public and
the media sort of compounds
this by acting like the
high school civics lesson
we have, where
there's the president,
there's the Congress,
there's the Supreme Court.
The commander in
chief is the president
and has an all-access
pass to everything.
That's true on most issues.
It is not true on
the UFO and ET issue,
and has not been
since about 1956
to '59, when Eisenhower,
President Eisenhower,
lost control over
these operations.
And that's when this
super top secret program
started and pretty
much left the president
and many senior officials
in the government who
should know out of the loop.
BILLY: Wow.
GREER: Another example-- some
directors for the CIA are read
into or briefed--
read into means briefed--
these projects.
For example, George
H.W. Bush was.
The CIA director I
briefed, Woolsey,
had not been because they didn't
trust him with the information,
and he hadn't come up
through the system.
That's how those work.
And I got pulled into
that world from people
who were in those projects
back around 1992, '93.
>> So if these USAPs don't
fall under regular government
oversight, then who has
control over these black budget
projects?
>> Well, these projects are
overseen by a committee,
you know, the recent--
you heard about
the MJ-12 committee
back in the Truman era.
There are a number of splinters
from that in the last 70 years.
The one that's most
currently known
is Maj-IC the Majority
Intelligence Committee.
Now, that entity
works with a lot
of corporate and other folks
and it's transnational.
The other thing I
need to mention here,
these are not US
government programs per se.
Go and look at the
globe from space.
There are no boundaries drawn on
it, say, in Russia, China, US.
The group that runs
these programs is
truly transnational-- transcends
international boundaries.
So people think international,
UN, State Department.
This is kind of more a sub
rosa underneath project.
And they have representation
and operations,
and most of the
significant countries
in the world that are advanced
enough technologically,
financially to be
deemed of significance.
When I met with Senator John
Warner's chief of staff,
he, we knew, was a
member of this committee
with President George H. W.
Bush and CIA director Bush.
And his chief of
staff said, what
makes you think the Senator
isn't part of this, just
flat out, and doesn't know?
I said, I know that
he does, but he
needs to be on the
right side of history
because this is a
criminal enterprise.
It is unconstitutional.
It is illegal.
And we can prove that.
If anyone wants to contest
this, let's take this to court,
because we will subpoena the
people I have briefed in senior
positions who absolutely should
have known about these projects
who don't.
So that's a complete
breakdown of the Constitution.
But there's a very specific
nuance to this particular area,
and it's specific to
unacknowledged Special Access
Projects.
And the people who actually
control them are not
just what we would call
government officials,
they're in government.
They're in corporate.
They're in finance.
They're in various
walks of life.
And they work together to
sort of maintain the status
quo of the way the world runs.
And here's why.
Back in the '50s when
we hit pay dirt--
reverse engineering, and
studying so-called anti-gravity
systems--
that, by the way, was
mastered in October 1954.
Everybody remember that date--
October 1954.
So all internal combustion
engines, surface roads, jets,
rockets, public utilities, on
and on, nuclear power plants,
have not been needed
since October 1954.
Now, that's hundreds of
trillions of dollars,
literally.
So that's the issue, is that
it's a macroeconomic problem.
It's a strategic problem.
And there are a lot
of powerful interests
who don't want to see
all those assets go
the way of the dinosaur.
Because when this
knowledge and with it
the technology comes
out, it's a new world.
It's like the ET said
to Colonel Corso,
"It's a new world
if you can take it."
So we should have taken it
in the '50s and we didn't.
Now we're facing massive
crises in the environment
and geopolitically
and elsewhere.
But it's fixable.
And I always tell
people, good news
is we have the solutions
to all these problems.
The bad news is, they are
in unacknowledged projects,
and lethal force has been
used to keep them secret.
BILLY: Wow, incredible.
It's amazing.
I just-- at some point,
we have to realize
that we've got to just
wake up and release these
to the general population.
I guess that's what
your mission here is.
GREER: Yes.
I mean, my main purpose
is creating ambassadors
to the universe in
consciousness, and in fact,
with these civilizations.
But to get there I
realized along the way
I kind of got into
this effort and started
the whole disclosure movement.
Because what I realized
was if we make contact
with these civilizations,
but then covert use apps
shoot them down or
do worse things,
then we have to do
all this together.
And excuse the salty
language, but when
I was sitting with Senator
Barry Goldwater, who
was the senior Senator from
Arizona who ran for president
in 1964, I was at his home.
And Senator
Goldwater said, look,
it was a goddamn mistake
then and a goddamn mistake
now that this was
ever kept secret.
But he told me he was denied
access to these projects.
And when he asked General
Curtis LeMay about it,
who was chief of
Staff of the Air Force
and a good friend
of his, he said,
get me into the Blue Room at
Wright Patterson Air Force
base, where all the ET remains
and stuff were kept back then.
Curtis LeMay, General LeMay
turned to him and said,
Barry, I can't even get
into that area anymore.
And if you ever ask
me about this again,
I will personally see that
you are court-martialed out
of the Air Force reserves.
I'm sitting in Senator
Goldwater's living room,
and he's retired from
the Senate, in his '80s.
And I'm going, was he serious?
He said, he was serious
as a heart attack.
And so in my meetings with
all these sort of people
all over the world,
what I found is
that the sort of
conspiracy theories
of who is in and who's
out and how this runs
is always inaccurate.
And what I've tried to do
is bring some clarity to it.
Because it's not
helpful to paint
the whole government
or the whole CIA
or the whole Pentagon
with that brush.
It's got to be more detailed.
People need to have a more
complete understanding
of how these projects operate.
BILLY: So Dr. Greer,
do other countries
operate on the same exact
premise like what you just
described?
GREER: Yes, I mean, the
system of USAPs is replicated,
as I said, transnationally.
It's not just a US effort.
The center of gravity for
it is the United States
because of our military power,
economic power, technology.
But there are corollaries
and associates
of this operation in
all the other countries,
including China, Russia, Great
Britain, Australia, all around.
So in other countries,
occasionally you'll
see an effort, like in France.
The government of France,
the Ministry of Defense,
wanted to learn to make
peaceful contact with the ETs.
And they were going forward--
Admiral Moran.
And it was an admiral and an
MD and also a PhD in physics
set this up under
President Sarkozy.
We went over there,
did a CE5 event.
Amazing what happened.
Unbelievable.
But when the process
of that was going on,
their ambassador from
France to the United States,
was approached by an
intelligence operative
and threatened and told
point blank, don't do this.
And they said, we're
going to do it in France.
It's none of your business.
And they said, yes, but don't
get anywhere near a US asset
or you're going to regret it.
And it was this back and
forth and back and forth.
So even though that was
coming from a top admiral
in the Ministry of
Defense of France,
he was not read into the
unacknowledged operations
even in his own country.
So that's one of the problems.
The same is true in
America, by the way.
The generals, admirals I
met with in this country,
if I met with them, it's
usually because they've
made an inquiry through
channels on this
and have been basically told,
we're not telling you anything,
or lied to.
And most of them
are smart enough
to know they're being lied to.
BILLY: Right, right.
So they haven't fully
been briefed and to say--
GREER: They haven't
been briefed at all.
BILLY: Haven't been briefed.
GREER: Not at all.
Not fully-- forget it.
They can't get-- they were not
even shown where the washroom
is--
BILLY: Wow, incredible.
GREER: --in these USAPs.
BILLY: And so the other
countries are basically--
sometimes are they in
collusion, or are they
all operating individually?
GREER: No, they all were
cooperative on this issue.
So interestingly, back in
the early days, there was a--
they had a tap on my phone.
It was when you had landlines.
Remember the old days?
BILLY: Oh, yeah.
GREER: And I picked up my
phone, and they made a mistake
and left the hookup
to the satellite,
and I could hear
the control room.
And I listened for a minute
and heard everyone speak,
and it was like a United
Nations of different people.
And finally I said, who is this?
And a woman came on, very
thick foreign accent.
I couldn't tell-- could
have been Middle Eastern.
And said, oh, my God.
It's Mr. Greer.
And I was so mad.
I said, Dr. Greer to you.
But I was irritated
then because I didn't
like being surveyed that way.
But-- and it's like
Karl Wolfe, our witness,
disclosure witness, was
at Langley Air Force base
when we were downloading
the digital images in 1968
from the moon.
And he saw all the-- there
were old structures and newer
structures already
there before we landed.
And when he saw that,
he knew he wasn't
supposed to be seeing it.
It was a top secret-- but
he said the area literally
was like a UN of people.
There were people
there from China--
now, this is in the '60s--
Russia, other
countries, and they're
all working in this
highly classified SCIF--
again, Secure Communication
Information Facility--
where they were downloading
the early digital pictures
as the lunar orbiter took
pictures around the moon.
And those were filtered
before they went
to the mainstream NASA people.
The problem gets to be,
how did that develop?
Well, it developed
in the '50s and '60s.
BILLY: Incredible.
Absolutely incredible.
So Dr., let's unpack this
just a little bit more,
because I think a
lot of people really
want to know the underlying
basis of how this actually
works.
GREER: OK.
So I think if you want
to visualize it this way,
it's a very classified,
unacknowledged operation that
has cells and affiliates
in various countries,
within other countries,
corporations, intelligence
services, and governments.
But again, just like in America,
there's not a need to know,
in the opinion of
the committee running
this, for all presidents
to know or to know fully
what's happening, or
senators or oversight.
So it's run the same way.
It just-- you take that and
replicate it around the globe.
It's just that not
every country--
for example, there are
developing world countries
where there would not
be a large presence.
But there are some, like Brazil.
There's a very big facility in
Brazil that's related to this.
So I think that there
are these operations that
are in various places--
it's coordinated by an
international group.
And that group is global.
But again, the center of
gravity is in the United States.
So there would be elements
of this operating even
in China and Russia.
But that's not where the
center of control is.
They are representative in it.
But it's where the big
powerhouse of technology,
reverse engineering has
happened that's really critical,
and that is the United States.
My understanding from people
who worked with Eisenhower
that I've spoken with who were
in the White House with him,
is that he lost control
of it because he wanted
to have a rapprochement, a
sort of a peaceful relationship
with the ETs in the whole
nuclear Cold War craziness,
and go forward as
a civilization.
The people who benefit
mightily from the status
quo of the petrodollar
system, the oil
system, and the weapons--
the military industrial
complex, as Eisen called it,
didn't want that to happen.
So all that evolved.
And now we're at--
what, we're at
70-some years past--
or 60-plus years past where
this got totally out of control.
And that was why Eisenhower
made that famous speech when
he left office, the day
he left office in 1961.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>> In the councils
of government,
we must guard against the
acquisition of unwarranted
influence, whether sought
or unsought by the military
industrial complex."
[END PLAYBACK]
And this sort of secrecy-- and
he was talking about extreme
secrecy--
could be a threat to
democracy and our way of life.
Now, remember, this
is a Republican
and a five-star general
and a World War II hero.
And I also remind
people Senator Inouye,
who said there exists a secret
government with its own Air
Force, its own Navy, its own
funding mechanism, that is free
from the law and
above the law itself.
I'm paraphrasing, but
you can-- you'll see it.
It's pretty much exactly that.
And he was correct.
BILLY: Sounds much like the JFK
speech about secret societies.
GREER: Yes.
BILLY: Yeah.
GREER: Yeah.
Yeah.
So there's a lot of
interest in these programs
and representation from
other, let's call them
non-governmental
covert programs,
and including corporate.
There's a very
large representation
in this in certain elements
of finance and banking,
as well as technology.
You look at the
aerospace industry.
You know, Boeing
has jets you fly on,
but they have an unacknowledged
engineering research division.
Lockheed Skunk
Works-- same thing.
They're the things you know
about, like the old U2 spy
plane and things with
jets, and then there
the classified technologies.
And it's a hybrid.
One thing I want
to say-- it's sort
of a hybrid between governmental
and corporate and private
interests.
And interestingly,
if you approach it--
say, you're an investigator.
You're approaching it from a
governmental point of view,
a corporate entity will
say, this is proprietary.
BILLY: Right.
Exactly.
GREER: If you approach it
from a private point of view,
that angle, it's a top
secret, unacknowledged project
you don't have access to.
So it's sort of hermetically
sealed off, like a silo,
from other operations.
Now, every once in
a while, there's
someone that I meet who--
and this is recent--
a man who is in the
technology management
office of the sub-basement
in the Pentagon from 2002
until 2012, who had baseline
clearance across 16 of these
unacknowledged Special
Access Projects.
And so he's provided
me an enormous amount
of intelligence and information
on more current operations
that I have.
BILLY: Dr. Greer,
a lot of witnesses
have come forward
to speak to you,
and there's one particular
witness that you call GA.
Can you tell us a little
bit more about that?
GREER: Yes.
This gentleman approached
me, and I referred to him
a moment ago, who was in the
technology management office,
and some of the most amazing
information we've received.
I've met with him
personally, and he
wrote me and sent me his badges,
proof of who and where he was.
And interestingly,
it was a man who
spent his career
in the military,
retired, never had heard of an
unacknowledged Special Access
Project, then got
recruited as a civilian.
And when he was taken
into that civilian role,
he was read into these
projects because he
was part of the criminal
investigative division,
and had to do a investigation
into a security breach.
And there was a general--
three-star-- who took an
unauthorized girlfriend
into a SCIF near Fort
Sill in Lawton, Oklahoma.
And there's an
underground base there,
what's called a DUMB, Deep
Underground Military Base
facility, where they were
studying the cloaking mechanism
of an ET craft there.
This woman was an executive
with Booz Allen Hamilton,
and wanted to get the contract
to further that research,
but she wasn't
cleared to that level.
And so the general
took his paramour in,
and it became a big problem.
Because in his
romantic association,
she sort of convinced
him to take her in so
that her company could get
a leg up on the contract
and bid on this.
What happened in the
course of his investigation
is that he had to get
read into a whole lot
of different places.
And that ended up being
baseline clearance,
they call it, across 16 of these
unacknowledged Special Access
Projects.
So that took him to
other facilities.
For example, there
was a craft that
was downed by our
electronic weapons systems
outside Seoul in the
mountains of Korea.
That craft was so huge,
they had to dig out
a whole huge hollowed
out area of a mountain
to create its own SCIF.
And that's still there
with this craft in it.
And then probably the
most disturbing thing
he told me, which is something
I already knew about,
but he gave me more
details, and he
was in the theater of
operations for the invasion
and war with Iraq.
And there was a satellite system
that they could switch on,
and it would basically target a
volume of airspace above Iraq.
And we would clear all of
our allied helicopters,
jets out of the area,
switch the system on,
and every one of Saddam
Hussein's jets and helicopters
would drop to the ground,
completely disabled.
That was when we first
went into the Iraq war
in the early 2000s.
He was there more recently
before he left that command
at the Marshall Space Flight
Center in Huntsville, Alabama,
where there was another
major generation of those.
And so this is dangerous.
Because you have unacknowledged
Special Access Projects
that could hit the
button on something
and cause all kinds
of havoc and things
that would be made
to look alien.
All right?
So this is the key
thing he was telling me.
Now, I have dozens of people who
have been in these interagency
committees or across these USAPs
who told me about what this is.
And that's been an operational
plan since the '60s.
BILLY: So Dr. Greer, talking
about the secrecy now,
you had mentioned a rogue
group in the Pentagon.
Can you tell us a little
bit more about that?
GREER: Yes, well
that's-- of course,
the unacknowledged Special
Access Projects are all rogue
and they're all illegal.
Now, people say, what's the
foundation of you saying this?
I've taken many meetings with
senior military officials.
One of them was
Admiral Tom Wilson.
I did do a briefing
at the Pentagon.
It was a stand-up formal
briefing in the admiral's
office and conference area.
And he was the head
of intelligence,
Joint Chiefs of Staff.
So this is not just
any old admiral.
And there were--
but this is someone
who would have been the
head of intelligence
and putting intelligence
briefings together
for the Joint Chiefs of
Staff for the Pentagon.
He received from us a
document, a briefing document.
And one of the documents, the
first document on the top,
is a National Reconnaissance
Office document
that is not declassified,
but I got a copy of it,
and it lists the project
code names and numbers.
Based on that, he
recognized, he thought, one
and contacted them, and
then contacted some offices
in the Pentagon.
And basically what
he was told was,
you don't have a need
to know, and we're not
going to tell you.
And he persisted, and he was
threatened with being demoted--
a star taken off his lapel.
But the admiral was
very laser-focused.
At the end of it I said,
we really need your help.
And he said, well, who else has
run into this wall of secrecy
and been threatened
the way I was?
I said, well, the CIA
director, the President,
the Secretary of Defense.
He said, the--
I said, yes.
Gordon Cooper, who was
a famous astronaut who
had one of these craft land
out at Edwards back in '56
and got film footage
from his crew
and flew it back on
a general's plane,
was asked by Secretary
of Defense Cohen.
Now, how do I know this?
Because Gordon Cooper and
I presented to a think tank
together, and he pulled
me aside, and he says,
look, the Secretary
of Defense asked
me to give him all the
actionable intelligence--
every little granular
detail about that event
so he could find that evidence.
And so he did.
And the Secretary of
Defense got back to him--
Cohen-- Secretary
of Defense Cohen--
said, this thing
has disappeared.
I don't have access to it.
It's in a project I
have no access to--
Secretary of Defense.
So I said this to
the admiral, Wilson.
And he says, oh, my God.
And I said, well-- he
says, and what can I do?
I said, well, we need you
to help lead up-- he says,
I can't.
And the admiral said,
what I've learned
since I got this initial
information from you
is that the best thing I know
about is a B2 stealth bomber.
And these unacknowledged Special
Access Projects have things
that can do circles around it.
He did like this.
He says, I'm outgunned.
It's point, set, match.
But that's what happened.
And you multiply that
times dozens and dozens
of times that I've been in
meetings like that-- when
I met years ago with
General Odom, head
of the-- director of
the National Security
Agency, his right-hand guy,
he described something to me
called a DDT.
And everybody thinks,
oh, pesticides.
No.
It stands for, you set up a
decoy and distract the public,
and then you trash it.
He says, we run DDTs all
the time on this subject.
BILLY: Wow.
GREER: Yeah.
So almost everything out there
in the public space on the UFO
subject is a DDT.
BILLY: And so with
all of this going on,
what can we take away from this?
How does this negativity
that they put out there,
or how did these DDTs
or this disinformation,
how does it affect us, and
how can it make us better?
What can we learn from this?
GREER: Well, these operations
serve two purposes,
and this is sort of the
key of counterintelligence
and putting out disinformation.
And that is, you want
to do two things,
and this is what
they're doing, that they
want to put out enough
information that it seems
plausible, and then surround
it with unbelievable amounts
of false information
or a false narrative.
But, of course, when they
began to release information,
like the Tic Tac, it turned
out, of course, that was--
that's one of the
Lockheed Skunk Works
objects, not extraterrestrial.
We know how those
are engineered,
it's based on an ET object.
But that was released.
And, of course,
because they said so
and they're in the
intelligence community,
the media covered it.
Disclosure Project has much more
amazing dispositive evidence
than that, but they
won't cover what
we're doing because
we're going to say, yes,
that one is extraterrestrial.
That one is from the
Lockheed Skunk Works.
And if that gets disclosed,
it's the end of oil.
It's the end of the petrodollar.
It's a lot.
So they sanitize out
anyone who actually--
frankly, if they're
going to tell the truth,
they're not going to be
in the mainstream media.
What really happens is that
the intelligence community
will open the doors to certain
information coming out,
but then attach to
it the narrative.
And the narrative in
that case is, it's
a national security threat--
or if they're swarming our
destroyers or what have you.
And the reason for
that long-term--
it's been a 70-year
defense strategy
plan that people on
my team have seen,
and that is what Wernher Von
Braun said to Carol Rosin
before he died, that they would
play this last card, which
would be an alien threat to try
to unite the world militarily--
instead of in
peace, in conflict.
And now, we predicted
this in the '90s.
Now, you're seeing it actually
unfold before our very eyes
in the media.
So I think these DDT
operations happen all the time.
Most of the people who are
going to be giving information
to the media have looking
through a glass very dimly,
or are operatives who have
been on the payroll to say,
we don't know what these are.
Now, you'll notice, for
example, they'll say,
we don't know what these are.
They came up with
this new term, UAP.
They always make
up a new acronym
that's a lie, basically.
But they do know what they are.
They know there are two types.
And I have a letter from the
head of the Lockheed Skunk
Works that we can show,
signed by him, dated 1986.
A man-- a friend of
his wrote and said,
are these UFOs ours,
manmade, or extraterrestrial?
And Ben Rich writes
back, they're both.
So that's been
known for decades,
since the '40s and '50s.
And yet, you have these
people saying, gosh,
we don't know what they are.
We need more money
to study them.
Right.
We've already spent
trillions studying it.
So that's all a
dog and pony show.
And I think the
takeaway for the public
really is, be very skeptical.
Be cautious.
I'm trying the best
we can as an unfunded
volunteer effort to
do the best we can.
But over the years,
I've had over 980
of these top secret
witnesses come to me.
So we have a lot of
information archived.
But ultimately,
the things you're
going to see pushed onto the
internet, pushed onto the tech
platforms, pushed through the
media, are going to be curated
and cherry picked
to have that effect.
It will be part information,
part disinformation,
and with this spin of it
always being a threat.
BILLY: Right.
GREER: Yeah.
BILLY: Generate the fear.
GREER: And that's the big plan.
That's the big picture
from standing way out.
BILLY: Makes a lot
of sense to me.
GREER: And then you just fill
in the dots as it comes out.
Once you know the template,
you can get the picture.
BILLY: Exactly.
Amazing.
Thank you, Dr. Greer.
GREER: Thank you.
BILLY: I'm Billy Carson.
Thank you for watching
"Disclosure" with Dr. Steven
Greer.
[MUSIC PLAYING]